Don't be deceived by his clumsy methods
Don't think you're going to squeeze the dummy handle
You can deceive everyone present
What is karma in the 21st century?
All farts
But it's you who is greedy for access control
Wish to marry the Nine Heavenly Teachings of us present here
Your sadistic tactics
Brother Lu Zhao, you are too confident
If it weren't for your nine families kneeling in front of me back then
Beg me to give you a way out
Like you bereaved dogs
I don't even have a last name to look at more
You are presumptuous
So arrogant
Since my nine families have dominated male gods
No one has ever dared to do so much to us
How dare the shameless man speak wildly
I see you are a soul traveler
Yes, it was just an accident
Maybe just a weirdo
It's just your shameless identities
Back then, the Social Security Bureau deceived our nine clans of marriage contracts
Now you still want me to enter the wall
Kneel and kowtow in the face of this broken stone
idle things wishful thinking
What a delusional
Since your Lu family is unrepentant
Then today's judgment will begin with your Lu family
20 years ago, your Lu family did business to supplement Shaanxi
It was jointly initiated by the four major consortia
To control the business operations of the entire southern province
Your Lu family has no righteous door to enter
I used the rhyme of the unicorn to change the wealth of your Lu family
Send you a bright future for the Lu family
Only then did your Lu family have the wealth and prosperity now
I ask you this
Is it true?
Bah, don't fart here
With your unicorn fortune
You can obliterate the 20-year mother of two generations of my Lu family
Desolation is simply ridiculous
Boy, listen up
Our Lu family is now valued by the Xiao family
The Xiao family helped us in the Middle Eastern Plains
The super international factory that has been built is about to be completed
Valuation 50 billion above
I am a newly mined international mine in Indonesia by the Lu family
Found countless precious ores
Once the extraction is successful
Will control the world
Go to all ore sources
All countries in the world will buy soy milk from me
trillion
That's like hair
That's right, my Lu family will reach the peak at that time
And all this
And what nonsense do you call Jilin fortune?
No half molecule itself
What's going on?
Why is there such a strong wind suddenly?
Look at that
Run, run, run
My Lu family's super factory these two days
Will complete the attack
And the international mine
Will also complete the first round of ore mining
Until then
The wealth of the Lu family will skyrocket more than a hundredfold
If that's what you mean
Then I really want to come a few more times
Ah hahahahaha
Everyone look
The couple withstood blood and tears